README.md, before:

# 📰 NewsWidget

<div align="center">

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-11.0-blue.svg)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-macOS-lightgrey.svg)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)
![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0-orange.svg)
![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-18+-green.svg)

**A beautiful desktop news widget for macOS with 22+ news sources**

[Features](#-features) • [Installation](#-installation) • [Usage](#-usage) • [Development](#-development) • [Contributing](#-contributing)

</div>

---

## ✨ Features

### 📰 News Aggregation
- **22 News Sources** from China's top platforms
- **400+ News Items** updated in real-time
- **4 Categories**: Hot Topics, Tech, Finance, General
- **Smart Caching**: 2-minute cache for optimal performance

### 🎨 Beautiful UI
- **Modern Design**: Glassmorphism effects with macOS style
- **Theme Support**: Dark, Light, and System themes
- **Smooth Animations**: Card hover, loading, and transitions
- **Responsive Layout**: Adjustable window size (320×480 ~ 600×1200)

### ⭐ Core Features
- **Favorites**: Save and manage your favorite news
- **Search**: Global search with keyword highlighting (⌘F)
- **Statistics**: 
  - News count and source analytics
  - Word cloud visualization
  - Category distribution charts
  - Source activity ranking
- **Enhanced Info** (v11.0):
  - 💱 Real-time exchange rates
  - 💬 Daily quotes
  - 🎉 Holiday reminders
  - 📊 Scrolling info bar

### ⚙️ Settings
- **Auto-start**: One-click setup for launch at login
- **Refresh Interval**: 5/10/30/60 minutes
- **Export Favorites**: Save as JSON
- **Data Management**: Clear all data

### 🚀 Performance
- **Fast Loading**: 3-4 seconds for 22 sources
- **Cache Hit**: <0.1 second response
- **Low Resource**: ~100MB RAM, <1% CPU (idle)
- **Modular Architecture**: ES6 modules for maintainability

---

## 📸 Screenshots

<div align="center">

### Dark Theme
![Dark Theme](docs/screenshots/dark-theme.png)

### Light Theme
![Light Theme](docs/screenshots/light-theme.png)

### Statistics
![Statistics](docs/screenshots/statistics.png)

### Search
![Search](docs/screenshots/search.png)

</div>

---

## 📥 Installation

### Download

Download the latest release from [Releases](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/NewsWidget/releases):

```
NewsWidget-v11.0-macOS.zip (16MB)
```

### Install

1. **Extract** the zip file
2. **Drag** `NewsWidget.app` to your Applications folder
3. **Double-click** to open

### First Run

If you see "Cannot verify developer":
1. Go to **System Preferences** → **Security & Privacy**
2. Click **"Open Anyway"**

---

## 🎯 Usage

### Keyboard Shortcuts

| Shortcut | Action |
|----------|--------|
| `⌘R` | Refresh news |
| `⌘F` | Search |
| `⌘W` | Show/Hide window |
| `⌘Q` | Quit |

### News Sources

**Hot Topics (7)**:
- Zhihu, Weibo, Baidu, Bilibili, Douyin, Hupu, Tieba

**Tech (8)**:
- Juejin, V2EX, GitHub, Stack Overflow, Hacker News, Sspai, 36Kr, 52Pojie

**Finance (4)**:
- Sina Finance, East Money, Xueqiu, Cailian

**General (3)**:
- Toutiao, Tencent, Douban

### Enhanced Information (v11.0)

The bottom scrolling bar displays:
- 💱 **Exchange Rates**: Top 3 currency pairs (EUR → CNY, GBP, JPY)
- 💬 **Daily Quote**: Inspirational quotes
- 🎉 **Holidays**: Upcoming holidays in the next 7 days

---

## 🛠️ Development

### Prerequisites

- macOS 10.15+
- Node.js 18+
- Swift 5.0+
- Xcode (for compilation)

### Setup

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/NewsWidget.git
cd NewsWidget

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the server
node server.js

# In another terminal, run the Swift app
swift run
```

### Project Structure

```
NewsWidget/
├── renderer/                 # Frontend (Web)
│   ├── index-v10.html       # Main HTML (ES6 modules)
│   ├── app-v10.js           # Main app logic (293 lines)
│   ├── style-v9.css         # Styles
│   └── modules/             # ES6 modules
│       ├── search.js        # Search with debounce
│       ├── favorites.js     # Favorites management
│       ├── stats.js         # Statistics
│       ├── theme.js         # Theme switching
│       ├── settings.js      # Settings panel
│       ├── utils.js         # Utility functions
│       └── enhanced-info.js # Enhanced info (v11)
├── backend/                 # Backend
│   └── fetch-news-v2.js    # News fetching (22 sources)
├── widget-desktop.swift     # Swift desktop app
├── server.js                # Node.js server
└── package-v11.sh          # Build script
```

### Architecture

**Frontend**: HTML + CSS + ES6 Modules  
**Backend**: Node.js + Express + 22 news sources  
**Desktop**: Swift + WebKit  
**Packaging**: pkg (Node.js) + shell script

### Build

```bash
# Package for distribution
./package-v11.sh

# Output: NewsWidget-v11.0-macOS.zip (16MB)
```

---

## 🔧 Configuration

### Add New News Source

Edit `backend/fetch-news-v2.js`:

```javascript
{
  id: 'your-source',
  name: 'Your Source',
  category: 'tech',
  url: 'https://api.example.com/news',
  parser: (data) => {
    // Parse and return news items
    return data.map(item => ({
      title: item.title,
      url: item.url,
      score: item.score
    }));
  }
}
```

### Customize UI

- **Styles**: Edit `renderer/style-v9.css`
- **Layout**: Edit `renderer/index-v10.html`
- **Logic**: Edit `renderer/app-v10.js` or modules

---

## 📊 Performance

| Metric | Value |
|--------|-------|
| First Load | 3-4 seconds |
| Cache Hit | <0.1 second |
| Memory | ~100MB |
| CPU (idle) | <1% |
| App Size | 45MB |
| Distribution | 16MB (zip) |

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

### How to Contribute

1. **Fork** the repository
2. **Create** a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. **Commit** your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. **Push** to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. **Open** a Pull Request

### Development Guidelines

- Follow the existing code style
- Write clear commit messages
- Add tests for new features
- Update documentation

---

## 📝 Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for version history.

### Latest (v11.0 - 2026-02-19)

**New Features**:
- 💱 Real-time exchange rates
- 💬 Daily inspirational quotes
- 🎉 Holiday reminders (next 7 days)
- 📊 Scrolling info bar at bottom

**Improvements**:
- Enhanced IP query API (Chinese support)
- University information query
- Better error handling

---

## 🐛 Known Issues

- Window title shows Chinese text (requires Xcode recompilation)
- First run may show security warning (normal for unsigned apps)

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- **News APIs**: Thanks to all the free news API providers
- **Icons**: SF Symbols by Apple
- **Inspiration**: macOS native design guidelines

---

## 📮 Contact

- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/NewsWidget/issues)
- **Discussions**: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/NewsWidget/discussions)

---

## ⭐ Star History

If you find this project useful, please consider giving it a star! ⭐

---

<div align="center">

**Made with ❤️ by OpenClaw AI Assistant**

[⬆ Back to Top](#-newswidget)

</div>

Commit message:

Add acknowledgment to NewsNow project

README.md, after:

# 📰 NewsWidget

<div align="center">

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-11.0-blue.svg)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-macOS-lightgrey.svg)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)
![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0-orange.svg)
![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-18+-green.svg)

**A beautiful desktop news widget for macOS with 22+ news sources**

[Features](#-features) • [Installation](#-installation) • [Usage](#-usage) • [Development](#-development) • [Contributing](#-contributing)

</div>

---

## ✨ Features

### 📰 News Aggregation
- **22 News Sources** from China's top platforms
- **400+ News Items** updated in real-time
- **4 Categories**: Hot Topics, Tech, Finance, General
- **Smart Caching**: 2-minute cache for optimal performance

### 🎨 Beautiful UI
- **Modern Design**: Glassmorphism effects with macOS style
- **Theme Support**: Dark, Light, and System themes
- **Smooth Animations**: Card hover, loading, and transitions
- **Responsive Layout**: Adjustable window size (320×480 ~ 600×1200)

### ⭐ Core Features
- **Favorites**: Save and manage your favorite news
- **Search**: Global search with keyword highlighting (⌘F)
- **Statistics**: 
  - News count and source analytics
  - Word cloud visualization
  - Category distribution charts
  - Source activity ranking
- **Enhanced Info** (v11.0):
  - 💱 Real-time exchange rates
  - 💬 Daily quotes
  - 🎉 Holiday reminders
  - 📊 Scrolling info bar

### ⚙️ Settings
- **Auto-start**: One-click setup for launch at login
- **Refresh Interval**: 5/10/30/60 minutes
- **Export Favorites**: Save as JSON
- **Data Management**: Clear all data

### 🚀 Performance
- **Fast Loading**: 3-4 seconds for 22 sources
- **Cache Hit**: <0.1 second response
- **Low Resource**: ~100MB RAM, <1% CPU (idle)
- **Modular Architecture**: ES6 modules for maintainability

---

## 📸 Screenshots

<div align="center">

### Dark Theme
![Dark Theme](docs/screenshots/dark-theme.png)

### Light Theme
![Light Theme](docs/screenshots/light-theme.png)

### Statistics
![Statistics](docs/screenshots/statistics.png)

### Search
![Search](docs/screenshots/search.png)

</div>

---

## 📥 Installation

### Download

Download the latest release from [Releases](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/NewsWidget/releases):

```
NewsWidget-v11.0-macOS.zip (16MB)
```

### Install

1. **Extract** the zip file
2. **Drag** `NewsWidget.app` to your Applications folder
3. **Double-click** to open

### First Run

If you see "Cannot verify developer":
1. Go to **System Preferences** → **Security & Privacy**
2. Click **"Open Anyway"**

---

## 🎯 Usage

### Keyboard Shortcuts

| Shortcut | Action |
|----------|--------|
| `⌘R` | Refresh news |
| `⌘F` | Search |
| `⌘W` | Show/Hide window |
| `⌘Q` | Quit |

### News Sources

**Hot Topics (7)**:
- Zhihu, Weibo, Baidu, Bilibili, Douyin, Hupu, Tieba

**Tech (8)**:
- Juejin, V2EX, GitHub, Stack Overflow, Hacker News, Sspai, 36Kr, 52Pojie

**Finance (4)**:
- Sina Finance, East Money, Xueqiu, Cailian

**General (3)**:
- Toutiao, Tencent, Douban

### Enhanced Information (v11.0)

The bottom scrolling bar displays:
- 💱 **Exchange Rates**: Top 3 currency pairs (EUR → CNY, GBP, JPY)
- 💬 **Daily Quote**: Inspirational quotes
- 🎉 **Holidays**: Upcoming holidays in the next 7 days

---

## 🛠️ Development

### Prerequisites

- macOS 10.15+
- Node.js 18+
- Swift 5.0+
- Xcode (for compilation)

### Setup

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/NewsWidget.git
cd NewsWidget

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the server
node server.js

# In another terminal, run the Swift app
swift run
```

### Project Structure

```
NewsWidget/
├── renderer/                 # Frontend (Web)
│   ├── index-v10.html       # Main HTML (ES6 modules)
│   ├── app-v10.js           # Main app logic (293 lines)
│   ├── style-v9.css         # Styles
│   └── modules/             # ES6 modules
│       ├── search.js        # Search with debounce
│       ├── favorites.js     # Favorites management
│       ├── stats.js         # Statistics
│       ├── theme.js         # Theme switching
│       ├── settings.js      # Settings panel
│       ├── utils.js         # Utility functions
│       └── enhanced-info.js # Enhanced info (v11)
├── backend/                 # Backend
│   └── fetch-news-v2.js    # News fetching (22 sources)
├── widget-desktop.swift     # Swift desktop app
├── server.js                # Node.js server
└── package-v11.sh          # Build script
```

### Architecture

**Frontend**: HTML + CSS + ES6 Modules  
**Backend**: Node.js + Express + 22 news sources  
**Desktop**: Swift + WebKit  
**Packaging**: pkg (Node.js) + shell script

### Build

```bash
# Package for distribution
./package-v11.sh

# Output: NewsWidget-v11.0-macOS.zip (16MB)
```

---

## 🔧 Configuration

### Add New News Source

Edit `backend/fetch-news-v2.js`:

```javascript
{
  id: 'your-source',
  name: 'Your Source',
  category: 'tech',
  url: 'https://api.example.com/news',
  parser: (data) => {
    // Parse and return news items
    return data.map(item => ({
      title: item.title,
      url: item.url,
      score: item.score
    }));
  }
}
```

### Customize UI

- **Styles**: Edit `renderer/style-v9.css`
- **Layout**: Edit `renderer/index-v10.html`
- **Logic**: Edit `renderer/app-v10.js` or modules

---

## 📊 Performance

| Metric | Value |
|--------|-------|
| First Load | 3-4 seconds |
| Cache Hit | <0.1 second |
| Memory | ~100MB |
| CPU (idle) | <1% |
| App Size | 45MB |
| Distribution | 16MB (zip) |

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

### How to Contribute

1. **Fork** the repository
2. **Create** a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. **Commit** your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. **Push** to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. **Open** a Pull Request

### Development Guidelines

- Follow the existing code style
- Write clear commit messages
- Add tests for new features
- Update documentation

---

## 📝 Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for version history.

### Latest (v11.0 - 2026-02-19)

**New Features**:
- 💱 Real-time exchange rates
- 💬 Daily inspirational quotes
- 🎉 Holiday reminders (next 7 days)
- 📊 Scrolling info bar at bottom

**Improvements**:
- Enhanced IP query API (Chinese support)
- University information query
- Better error handling

---

## 🐛 Known Issues

- Window title shows Chinese text (requires Xcode recompilation)
- First run may show security warning (normal for unsigned apps)

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- **[NewsNow](https://github.com/Guyungy/newsnow)**: Inspired by this excellent news aggregation project
- **News APIs**: Thanks to all the free news API providers
- **Icons**: SF Symbols by Apple
- **Inspiration**: macOS native design guidelines

---

## 📮 Contact

- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/NewsWidget/issues)
- **Discussions**: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/NewsWidget/discussions)

---

## ⭐ Star History

If you find this project useful, please consider giving it a star! ⭐

---

<div align="center">

**Made with ❤️ by OpenClaw AI Assistant**

[⬆ Back to Top](#-newswidget)

</div>
